# Harshil Patel

## Contact Information

- Email 📧: patel3hs@mail.uc.edu
- Phone 📞: (330) 217-9835
- LinkedIn 🖇️: https://www.linkedin.com/in/harshilpatel25/

## Work Experience

### Apple | Product Specialist | October 2021 - Current

- Performed troubleshooting procedures on Apple devices to solve software and hardware issues.
- Decreased device upgrade times by up to 50% using an external source.
- Informed customers about their device with interactive demonstrations.
- Developed professional relationships by identifying potential business clients.

### Siemens - Lifecycle Collaboration | Software Development Co-op | January 2023 - August 2024

- Resolved 52 security issues generated by Blackduck by updating Node.js packages in Classification AI microservice.
- Implemented the FOSS repository for the Classification AI microservice on both Windows and Linux to pull Node.js packages from JFrog Artifactory at runtime to avoid future security concerns.
- Improved Classification code coverage from 23% to 62% using JUnit testing.
- Configured a Jenkins server to automate Cucumber test execution done by team members.
- Arranged meetings with stakeholders discussing SOA operation modifications.
- Restructured existing GitLab CI/CD pipeline to stabilize jobs running in both Windows and Linux, as well as improving pipeline quality and readability.
- Created a script that manipulated the Secrets Vault to pull JSON Web Tokens for our microservice.

### Siemens - Product Engineering Software Software Development Co-op | May 2022 - August 2022

- Designed a debug tool which allowed developers to directly interface with, and test, cloud-facing APIs.
- Addressed production bugs and improvements in existing C# applications using Jira and Kanban to prioritize requirements.
- Participated in an agile environment by attending daily scrum meetings and demonstrating new features during bi-weekly sprint review meetings.

## Project Interests

- I would like to develop a mobile application.
- I would like to have this application available for download by the end of our project.
- The purpose of this is not only to further develop app development skills, both front-end and back-end, but to also learn what it takes to create and successfully launch an app to the public.
